{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset254\fprq2 Montserrat-Regular;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On Amy and Tekno\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'27s trip back home to Mobius, they graze by an old space colony that they don\u8217\'27t recognize and it sends their ship into a tailspin. Johnny Lightfoot manages to get them safely back on Mobius\u8217\'27 ground, but now Amy and Tekno are wanted by GUN for tampering with old properties. The Commander is stressed as fuck with the restoration of planet Mobius after the removal of Robotnik, but learning that the Space Colony ARK was tampered with warranted his personal intervention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Amy and Tekno are captured, they swear not to know anything about what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'27s going on. That\u8217\'27s when the Kintobor Computer reconnects with Tekno\u8217\'27s smart phone Tekno puts him on mute, so Kintobor just listens. Upon their release from GUN, Kintobor knows what\u8217\'27s going on but is reluctant to tell them. }
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\li1080\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, Rouge the Bat, treasure hunter and super spy, thinks that this might be just what she needs to reveal the secret of Project Shadow, which she believes is treasure of some kind.  Maybe.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amy Rose, however, has a psychic premonition about the future in some way, she can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'27t let this go because she\u8217\'27s certain something untoward is going down and she wants to put a stop to it. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kintobor tells Amy and Tekno about Project Shadow, or at least everything he feels they deserve to know. But Kintobor slips up and reveals there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'27s a person held in suspended animation on Prison Island for classified reasons, and that he has been there for 50 years. Appalled, Amy immediately makes way for Prison Island to release Shadow the Hedgehog\u8230\'2E.}}